welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the brown bunny
motorcycle racer bud clay undertakes a
cross-country drive
following a race in new hampshire in
order to participate in a race in
california
all the while he is haunted by memories
of his former lover
daisy on his journey he meets three
women
but but seems to be a lost soul and he
is unable to form an emotional
connection with any of them
he first meets violet at a gas station
in new hampshire and convinces her to
join him on his trip
they stop at her home in order to get
her clothes but he drives off as soon as
she
enters the house bud's next stop is the
home of daisy's parents
the location of daisy's brown bunny
daisy's mother does not remember bud who
grew up in the house next door
nor does she remember having visited bud
and daisy in california
next bud stops at a pet shelter where he
asks about the life expectancy of
rabbits
he is told it is about five or six years
at a highway rest stop he meets a
distressed woman
lily he comforts and kisses her
before starting to cry and eventually
leaving her
bud appears more distressed as the road
trip continues
crying as he drives he stops at the
bonneville speedway to race his
motorcycle
in las vegas he drives around
prostitutes on street corners
before deciding to ask one of them rose
to join him for a lunch
she eats mcdonald's food in his truck
until he stops
pays her and leaves her back on the
street
after having his motorcycle checked in a
los angeles garage
but stops at daisy's house which appears
abandoned
he leaves a note on the door frame after
sitting in his truck in the driveway
remembering about kissing daisy in this
place
and checks in at a hotel daisy
eventually appears there she seems
nervous
going to the bathroom twice to smoke
crack cocaine
while bud waits for her sitting on his
bed
as she proposes to go out to buy
something to drink
but tells her that because of what
happened the last time they saw each
other
he does not drink anymore they have an
argument about daisy kissing other men
at this point butt undresses daisy and
chief elates him
once done he insults her as they lie in
bed
talking about what happened during their
last meeting
but continuously asks daisy why she had
been involved with some men at a party
she explains that she was just being
friendly and wanted to smoke marijuana
with them
but becomes upset because daisy was
pregnant and it transpires that the baby
died as a result of what happened at
this party
through flashback scenes the viewer
understands that daisy was raped at the
party
a scene witnessed by bud who did not
intervene
daisy asks bud why he did not help her
and his feelings of guilt on this are
considerable
he tells her that he did not know what
to do and so he decided to leave the
party
after he came back a bit later he saw an
ambulance in front of the house and
daisy explains to bud that she is dead
having passed out prior to the rape and
then choked to death on her own vomit
but awakens the next morning alone his
encounter with daisy turns out to have
been a figment of his imagination
the movie ends as bud as driving his
truck in california
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]